The "RentCar" application is a web-based tool that allows users to browse,
filter, and save information about cars. The main objective of the application
is to help users find the perfect car for rental based on their preferences and
requirements.

Key features and capabilities of the application:

Car Catalog browsing: Users can browse through a list of available cars. Each
car is presented with a card that includes basic information such as the make,
model, price, mileage, etc. Users can use filters to narrow down the list of
cars by make, price, or mileage.

Detailed car information: Users can access detailed information about each car
by clicking on the "Learn More" button on the car card. A modal window will
open, displaying extended information about the car, including specifications,
photos, and additional details.

Favorite cars: Users can add cars to their list of favorites. This allows them
to save cars they like and easily find them later. Users can add or remove a car
from their favorites list by clicking the corresponding button on the car card.

Responsive design: The application features a responsive design, ensuring that
it displays correctly on various devices and screen sizes. This provides a
convenient and accessible user experience regardless of the device being used.

Integration with external API: The application utilizes an external API to
retrieve data about available cars. This allows for updating and expanding the
car catalog without manually entering data.

The "RentCar" application assists users in finding the best rental car by
providing an easy and convenient way to check and compare different cars. It
simplifies the selection process by providing detailed information about each
car and the ability to save favorite options. This project helps users
effectively utilize their time and provides them with a user-friendly platform
to find cars that meet their needs and preferences.
